before i
before i presented this i was thinking i
should either do something technical or
something
more of a story and i kind of ended up
on the story side
so yeah this is kind of my presentation
of how i ended up here
so a little background about myself
my name is leon hello i used to work at
shapeshift
and about six or seven months ago i was
working on finance
and i was contributing to protocol labs
for a while so
during that time about six months ago i
did a lot of like you know your typical
nine-to-five work
uh but i wanted to do more experimenting
more like playing around with with
new technologies and and pl had a lot of
cool tech that i wanted to play around
with so
i was thinking about okay what should i
do right um
so around around that time around six
months ago there was this hackathon
called hackfest
and so pl reached out to me and they
said hey you should join this uh it's
sponsored by ethglobal
uh protocol labs and a bunch of other
sponsors so i thought okay let's uh
let's do something fun
um let's let's give it a try right this
is the sycathon a try but
a little disclaimer before i did this
hackathon my record was not that good in
the hackathon space
in fact i lost every single hackathon
that i've attempted
0 and 8 it's probably more all the
hackathons that i've lost they
they have like pity points so they give
you a shirt
and i have a closet full of shirts right
behind me that that kind of
match for that so my mindset joining was
not to win um so i was thinking okay
let's let's do something uh
more fun right so i had an option of
either making a serious project that
i've done before or
doing something fun and and making a
game so i kind of went down route number
two
making a game and for this project i
wanted to do two things number one
know how to make a game i didn't know
how to do that number two is uh
put the game on ipfs so during that
hackathon those
those were my two goals i was able to
finish that uh
luckily in time and so i finished the
project
and it is called ipfsfps
this is a screenshot or a little gif
explaining
what it does if you want to play it you
can join you can visit this link and
give it a shot
so what's cool about this game is this
whole game here lives on ipfs
uh this gun here is an nft and the
leaderboard
in the background is connected to an
ethereum smart contract
so there's a lot of like crypto elements
baked in
so when i built this i got really lucky
and i won a few prizes and i thought
okay this is cool let me go back to my
regular nine to five and you know just
continue on
uh but that wasn't the case um and
that's because
a group called tachyon uh reached out to
me so tachyon was
is an accelerator program uh run by
consensus
uh they reached out to me and they said
hey leon uh we'd like your idea
you should explore the space a bit more
and at that time
i was pretty comfy you know and where i
was and
i was really hesitant i said no a bunch
of times but they're really persistent
and in the end i decided to take a risk
and quit my job finance and join this
this accelerator program
and when i did it was a three-month
program i spent a lot of time exploring
the space and i realized
uh there's a lot of missing
infrastructure uh in this in this game
world
so let me explain so if you're trying to
build a game
sorry if you're trying to build a
website you have all the tools necessary
html css javascript web3.js and ethereum
if you're trying to build your
cryptokitties you have all the tech
required
but if you're trying to build a game
you're not going to use html css you're
going to use a gaming engine
um such as unity or unreal
but the problem is this connection right
between the gaming engine and the
blockchain it's it's simply not there
so that was a huge opportunity for me to
dive in and explore so for the last
three months i was working on this
project
that simply fills in this piece right it
completes the
tech stack and it's able to connect any
game to the crypto ecosystem
so uh when i built this out i was able
to
have uh package everything into a nice
sdk
and right out the box this sdk supports
erc20s
721s 1155 and any custom contract that
you want such as that leaderboard
you build the game once and you can
export it to your browser ipfs
ios android pc and mac and what's cool
about this sdk
is it's simple it's simply drag and drop
and copy paste so here's a little
video demo explaining how it all works
so this is unity creating a blank
project
saving it to my desktop and the top
right corner
is the sdk so to install it i simply
have to drag and drop
click import and just like that i'm
connected to any token
any marketplace and in here there's a
subfolder called prefabs
which have these pockets of
functionality so i can send receive and
for example get the balance of an 1155
token so i drag it into the scene
hit play go to console and you'll see
a number 332. so where's this number
coming from
it's coming from an existing existing
marketplace openc
so you own 332. right in just a couple
clicks i'm able to tap into
a marketplace so how does it work behind
the scenes
uh the code's quite simple there's a lot
of complicated stuff behind the scenes
but i try to
make it easy for you all so step number
one is what is the network
right uh rinkyb so i'm getting rinkyb
step number two is what is the contract
to ebe
to ebe i'm simply copy pasting over and
in one line i'm connected to
that token and i want to get the balance
of my account
um with tokenid 22 token id22
and in one line i can get the 1155
balance of
that account so this is a really small
piece of what this sdk can do
it can send receive connect to a lot of
marketplaces
um but this isn't really too much about
the product um
i want this stock to be more more
general so
this piece here is only one of three
that um the startup is working on
oh um so one of three
so the first part is storage right how
to store the game
so the game is stored on ipfs uh the
whole game
uh i plan or we plan on implementing new
features
such as um character storing character
stats
um on falcoin number two is
uh how to transfer value right through
through ethereum with nfts
um tokens so and so forth uh with
ethereum uh we plan on implementing more
uh blockchains but as of right now that
sdk supports ethereum
and the third part uh this will be done
this is around 90 done by the way
um and it'll be uh public in a couple
weeks so
stay tuned i have my contact later on
and uh part three is
the networking side of implementing uh
lib p2p so
the community here is amazing um i have
a ton of support
on this piece right here it's still
being mapped out but by having this it's
kind of the trifecta of
of creating uh decentralized games
completely decentralized games
so that's kind of uh the goal of this
this whole project
so to summarize uh i didn't end up here
like talking to you guys
it's it's such a weird journey man like
uh it started off as a hackathon project
and it started off as just failure after
failure and then just one day
deciding let's just have fun with it and
i kind of snowballed to
where i am today um so this talk isn't
so much about the technical side i just
wanted to
share with you guys like more personal
stuff and
i gave you guys one piece of advice and
that is if you have an idea
just uh just go for it you know you
never know where you're going to end up
i'm in an amazing spot right now working
with really smart people working on
projects that i love
uh yeah i think if you just go for it
you'll end up some
someplace like really great so just uh
to sum things up
uh if you guys are interested in the
project
or if you just want to chat here's my
contact
on twitter and in telegram so thank you